
(15 pts.) 
There should be a README file. README file should specify, 
How to choose which agents to play?
How to use the human interface?
How to launch the game?
How do agents give commands to the frame? (Include list of possible commands.)

Valid actions, states and implementations (these should be commented because we might need to debug it if any problem occurs):

(10 pts.)
Buying development cards from reserve and available. While buying, 
you can denote which coins to give (gold vs. others) or assume using gold coins should be the last option.

(15 pts.)
Two human agents must be able to play against each other (so that I can test the corner cases.)

(5 pts.)
When a player reserves a card and takes a gold coin; if they have 10 coins, they should return one of the coins.
When a player has 8-9-10 coins and chooses one of the coin picking actions, they should return coins until they have 10 coins.

If there is no possible action for a player (no coins left on pile, no cards to buy, reserve cards at its limit), the player should pass.
 
(5 pts.)
When a player is eligible for more than one noble at the end of a turn, that player should choose a noble for that turn. (refusing is not an option)

(5 pts.) 
When a player reaches 15 prestige points, complete the current round so that each player has played the same number of turns.

In case of a tie, the player who has purchased the fewest development cards wins.


GUI
Status of nobles
Prestige points of players
Reserved cards of users (optional in GUI)

(5 pts)
Logging state and end of the game (state of game at step 1, action of player 1, state of game at step 2, action of player 2, …, last action, last state of the game, points of each player, number of cards bought by each player, number of nobles owned for each player, winner)
Statistics: how many of each action was taken for each player (3 coin, 2 coin, buy, reserve)
Statistics: how many cards reserved and wasn’t bought for each player
(5 pts)
Example human agent code
Example random/dummy agent code
Dummy inputs should pass or make a random move so that the game won’t stop by a malevolent agent.


Bonus Part:
(10 pts.) Is it possible to interact the GUI with mouse?
(5 pts.) Time limit for actions of each agent

Can you automatize the launch with a script/predicate? (You don’t need to write this script but if it’s possible and list of agents playing the game are not hardcoded, it’s better.)


UNIQUE AGENT NAMES
write unit tests
change gui to grid